there are animals that simply leave us
open-mouthed is that in them the
solidarity seems to make its motor of
life because I watched this video where this
Puppy managed to help the
who cited that he could not walk
simply a moving image
but it is not the only case of animals
considered several heroes are the cases
where other animals toxo with the role of
substitute mother when the real rejection to
your pups in this case this little dog
adopted three newborn tigers
and there is also the case of a brave
little pig that helped with lambs to die
drowned watch this video that was recorded
in a zoo in the USA and you can
clearly appreciate the courage of this
pork
in this other case this brave dog does not
Think twice and throw the water
save us the dogs that were in
a canoe the dog finds a rope
and drag the raft to the mainland
an act worth imitating
do not
and remember the case of this dog that
saved his young from a fire in the
South of our country counts firefighters
who witnessed a heroic act
since the dog entered the house in
flames and took one by one to their
little puppies
but animal solidarity also
it reaches for humans because it makes a
time this image became famous for
everyone for those who do not know the
history this master is returning the
hand his faithful dog by taking her to the sea
to calm the arthritis pain that
I felt your pet
his owner says he owes his life that
after finishing with his girlfriend he fell into
a strong depression that if it were not for
this German shepherd would surely have
suicide
although this video is probably the
most remembered this kitten perches on
this other who was hit in an act
almost paramedic performs massages in
your heart to stop us from beating
besides giving him mouth-to- mouth breathing
solidary animal that does not know of
races and that helps whoever else
need stories that show that you do not
only in the comics do the
heroes